Add Studio and Dashboard sections to about release (#3823)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/get-started/about-this-release.md

WSO2 Integration Studio is an open-source development environment used to design and develop integration scenarios for WSO2 Micro Integrator.

It is now available to download from [here](https://wso2.com/integration/integration-studio/).

### New features

> - FreeMarker support PayloadFactory mediator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PayloadFactory mediator supports FreeMarker templates.
```

- Enrich mediator improvements
- OAuth feature for HTTP endpoints
- Dynamic endpoint support for Mock Services in Synapse unit testing

> - Improve Call mediator to support storing in properties

Reviewer: storing what in properties?

- Add parent maven details inside children pom by default
- Enhance K8s exporter project to support pure Kubernetes deployment
- Support to change embedded runtime via software updates
- Add OpenAPI Specification 3.0 support
- Add features to support Service Catalogue
- Add Cassandra data source support for DSS
- Add Registry Resource Properties support
- Refactor Runtime Services view

### Key changes

> - The Folder structure of the ESB Configs modules has been changed to contain the Swagger related metadata under resources directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The folder structure of the ESB Configs modules is changed to include the Swagger-related metadata in the `/resources` directory.
```

WSO2 Integration Studio is an open-source development environment used to design and develop integration scenarios for WSO2 Micro Integrator.

It is now available to download from [here](https://wso2.com/integration/integration-studio/).

### New features

> - FreeMarker support PayloadFactory mediator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FreeMarker support for the PayloadFactory mediator
```

- Enrich mediator improvements
- OAuth feature for HTTP endpoints

> - Dynamic endpoint support for Mock Services in Synapse unit testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dynamic endpoint support for mock services in synapse unit testing
```

- Improve Call mediator to support storing in properties

> - Add parent maven details inside children pom by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parent maven details included in the children POM file by default
```

> - Enhance K8s exporter project to support pure Kubernetes deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes exporter project is enhanced to support a pure Kubernetes deployment
```

> - Support to change embedded runtime via software updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply software updates to the embedded Micro Integrator runtime
```

> - Add OpenAPI Specification 3.0 support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenAPI specification 3.0 support
```

> - Add features to support Service Catalogue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish integrations to the API-M runtime during deployment
```

> - Add Cassandra data source support for DSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cassandra datasource support for data services
```

> - Add Registry Resource Properties support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding Registry Resource Properties
```

> - Refactor Runtime Services view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runtime Services view improved
```

### Key changes

- The folder structure of the ESB Configs modules is changed to include the Swagger-related metadata in the `/resources` directory.

> - Integration Studio now supports OpenAPI Specification 3.0 by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WSO2 Integration Studio now supports OpenAPI specification 3.0 by default.
```

> - Use a new workspace for Integration Studio 8.0.0 and any existing Projects created with older Studio versions, needed to be imported into this new workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a new workspace for WSO2 Integration Studio 8.0.0 and import any existing projects (created using older Integration Studio versions) into this new workspace.
```

  

<hr style="border:8px solid gray"> </hr>

## **Micro Integrator Dashboard**

> The Micro Integrator dashboard provides the capability to monitor specified cluster/group of Micro Integrator server instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Micro Integrator dashboard can now connect to multiple Micro Integrator server instances and monitor artifacts and logs from a selected cluster or group of server nodes.
```

It is now available to download from [here](https://github.com/wso2/micro-integrator/releases/).

### New features

> - Revamped dashboard which provides the capability to monitor multiple MI instances grouped together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revamped dashboard, which can monitor multiple Micro Integrator instances grouped together
```
